---
layout: page
title: "Full program with bios — War of the Worlds and Other Invasions (Fall 2025)"
---
<div align='center' style='font-size:150%'>
<a href='/events/invasions'><cite>War of the Worlds and Other Invasions</cite> show page</a><br/>(with summary and credits)
<p />
<a href='https://www.zazzle.com/store/postmeridianradio'>PMRP swag</a> · <a href='https://podcast.pmrp.org'>Our podcast</a> · <a href='https://pmrp.bandcamp.com/'>Our Bandcamp store</a>
<p />
<!-- (if there are notes:) <a href='#bios'>Cast and crew biographies</a>: -->
<div style='font-size:80%;'>
<a href="#JacobAbrams">Jacob Abrams</a> &#xB7; <a href="#SimoneAgha">Simone Agha</a> &#xB7; <a href="#RichardBartlett">Richard Bartlett</a> &#xB7; <a href="#DavidMacDowellBlue">David MacDowell Blue</a> &#xB7; <a href="#SarahParisiBoci">Sarah Parisi Boci</a> &#xB7; <a href="#MollieBourne">Mollie Bourne</a> &#xB7; <a href="#JoanieBrittingham">Joanie Brittingham</a> &#xB7; <a href="#HannahBrown">Hannah Brown</a> &#xB7; <a href="#RonNButler">Ron N. Butler</a> &#xB7; <a href="#JaimieCarlson">Jaimie Carlson</a> &#xB7; <a href="#JessConger-Henry">Jess Conger-Henry</a> &#xB7; <a href="#KymDarby">Kym Darby</a> &#xB7; <a href="#KittyDrexel">Kitty Drexel</a> &#xB7; <a href="#MareFreed">Mare Freed</a> &#xB7; <a href="#SageGillespie">Sage Gillespie</a> &#xB7; <a href="#AlexGorowara">Alex Gorowara</a> &#xB7; <a href="#JennyGutbezahl">Jenny Gutbezahl</a> &#xB7; <a href="#NickHenry">Nick Henry</a> &#xB7; <a href="#ReggieJoseph">Reggie Joseph</a> &#xB7; <a href="#AlexLaFreniere">Alex LaFreniere</a> &#xB7; <a href="#AndyLebrun">Andy Lebrun</a> &#xB7; <a href="#DanielLemr">Daniel Lemr</a> &#xB7; <a href="#CloverMelville">Clover Melville</a> &#xB7; <a href="#DavidMurgo">David Murgo</a> &#xB7; <a href="#ZackMurphy">Zack Murphy</a> &#xB7; <a href="#JoanneNicklas">Joanne Nicklas</a> &#xB7; <a href="#EmmaPicht">Emma Picht</a> &#xB7; <a href="#MichaelReillyPeraza">Michael Reilly Peraza</a> &#xB7; <a href="#JaySekora">Jay Sekora</a> &#xB7; <a href="#KristinaSpinney">Kristina Spinney</a> &#xB7; <a href="#WillSpreadbury">Will Spreadbury</a> &#xB7; <a href="#KatieStratton">Katie Stratton</a> &#xB7; <a href="#MickeyWatson">Mickey Watson</a> &#xB7; <a href="#MegWickham">Meg Wickham</a> &#xB7; <a href="#JackWickwire">Jack Wickwire</a> &#xB7; <a href="#JaclynWilson">Jaclyn Wilson</a> &#xB7; <a href="#NalaJWu">Nala J. Wu</a>
</div>
</div>
<hr/>
<h2 align='center'><a name='bios'>Cast and Crew Biographies:</a></h2>
<p><a name='JacobAbrams'><span class='headphrase'>Jacob Abrams</span></a> (Fotheringay, Miracles) is excited to be in his first show with PMRP. He wishes for you enjoy the show! <p/>He would like to thank his family, friends, plants pets and HG Wells for their support. </p>

<p><a name='SimoneAgha'><span class='headphrase'>Simone Agha</span></a> (Foley Coordinator) is thrilled to be Foley co-coordinator for this PMRP production. This is her <em>*mumbles*</em>th show with PMRP.</p>

<p><a name='RichardBartlett'><span class='headphrase'>Richard  Bartlett</span></a> (Father Collins, WotW) Richard Bartlett’s love of science fiction drew him to PMRP and. into  their productions since 2012 when he was a young lad during The Day the Earth Stood Still. He has since appeared in The Hound of the Baskervilles, Gracie Takes Up Crime Solving, Plan 9 From Outer Space and The Invisible Man. He is thrilled to be cast in the classic War of the Worlds and to represent a man of the cloth once again. This is the third Halloween War of the Worlds production he’s been involved with, and it is his favorite</p>

<p><a name='DavidMacDowellBlue'><span class='headphrase'>David MacDowell Blue</span></a> (Playwright, “War of the Worlds”) feels vast gratitude towards the PMRP for producing “War of the Worlds.”  This is his third produced audio adaptation, after “Carmilla The Radio Play” and “The Wings of Dracula.”  His other plays include “My Leviathan” “Good Questions” “The Dark Swans” and an original audio Sherlock Holmes mystery (still in progress) plus many more.  Blue’s plays celebrate the blending of myth, genre, character and ideas most of all (or so he hopes). His personal website can be found here: https://davidmblue.wixsite.com/davidmacdowellblue</p>

<p><a name='SarahParisiBoci'><span class='headphrase'>Sarah Parisi Boci</span></a> (Sea Lady) once chased Terry Jones down an alley for an autograph. She should really dig that out and frame it.  </p>

<p><a name='MollieBourne'><span class='headphrase'>Mollie  Bourne</span></a> (Adeline, Sea Lady) is performing in her third Halloween show with PMRP as Adeline in “The Sea Lady”. Mollie has done a mix of voice acting, foley, and foley coordination with PMRP and is excited to be in this season’s performance. She hopes all enjoy the show and puts you in the Halloween spirit!</p>

<p><a name='JoanieBrittingham'><span class='headphrase'>Joanie Brittingham</span></a> (Playwright, “The Sea Lady”) is a writer and soprano living in New York City. Brittingham is the Associate Editor for Classical Singer Magazine and has contributed to many classical music textbooks. Brittingham’s writing has been described as “breathless comedy” and having “real wit” (New York Classical Review). Brittingham is the librettist for the opera Serial Killers and the City, which premiered with Experiments in Opera, and was a part of New Wave Opera’s Night of the Living Opera. Published in Black Cat Tales, Eternal Haunted Summer, The Last Girls Club, and Past Ten as well as the book Practicing for Singers. <a href='https://www.joaniebrittingham.com/'>joaniebrittingham.com</a></p>

<p><a name='HannahBrown'><span class='headphrase'>Hannah Brown</span></a> (Foley, WotW) is having a blast doing Foley for the first time after making her PMRP debut as Birdy in The Bonnie Tales of Captain Bellamy earlier this year! Some favorite previous roles include a bottle dancer/ensemble (Fiddler on the Roof), Pig #1 (Shrek the Musical), Snug (A Midsummer Night's Dream), and Valentine (Mary Poppins), all with Needham Community Theatre, as well as Barbara (boom) at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. Next up: she'll be appearing as Inspector Lord in Spider's Web at Arlington Friends of the Drama in December! When not onstage, Hannah works as a precision motion systems test engineer and can usually be found rowing, cross-stitching, flinging herself around the ninja gym, and laboriously re-learning how to play the violin.</p>

<p><a name='RonNButler'><span class='headphrase'>Ron N. Butler</span></a> (Playwright, “The Man who could Work Miracles”) is a retired aerospace engineer living in Powder Springs, GA.  He has been writing for the <a href='https://artc.org/'>Atlanta Radio Theatre Company (artc.org)</a> since 1992.  His work includes an ongoing comedy/SF series, “Rory Rammer — Space Marshal,” several Lovecraft adaptations, and an adaptation of H. Beam Piper’s and John J. McGuire’s “Lone Star Planet.”  Wellsians may wish to check out his original piece <a href='https://artc.org/the-war-of-the-worlds-the-untold-story-part-1-of-3/'>The War of the Worlds -- The Untold Story.”</a></p>

<p><a name='JaimieCarlson'><span class='headphrase'>Jaimie Carlson</span></a> (Director, Miracles; Writer, Introductions) is cutting her bio to the bare bone (having a great time directing Miracles; does Foley for PMRP; chases robots as a career) to leave room for H. G. Wells bio facts that she tragically had to leave out of the introductions. (1) Wells wrote a Jungian psychological novel with the immortal title “The Bulpington of Blup.” (2) Wells was a proponent of miniature wargaming. (3) Wells was a member of a cricket team with Conan Doyle, Barrie, Wodehouse, Chesterton, and Kipling. They were famously terrible. </p>

<p><a name='JessConger-Henry'><span class='headphrase'>Jess  Conger-Henry</span></a> (Beth Henderson, WotW) Is thrilled to have been released from her enrichment enclosure at the International Cryptozoology Museum in Maine to perform for you tonight! She has performed with PMRP since 2014. Thanks to Mare for springing me!</p>

<p><a name='KymDarby'><span class='headphrase'>Kym Darby</span></a> (Ellen Hill, WotW; Understudy, Sea Lady) Kym Darby is in her second show with PMRP. She has previously appeared with PMRP in The Invisible Man last year, and has also worked with Moonbox Productions, Central Square Theater, and SLAM! Theatre. She is very excited to be back with PMRP!</p>

<p><a name='KittyDrexel'><span class='headphrase'>Kitty Drexel</span></a> (Mrs. Gomshott, Miracles) [she/her/we] is a disabled, queer performing artist and critic living with Brachial Plexus Palsy. She is the Queen Geek at the <a href="https://www.netheatregeek.com/">New England Theatre Geek</a>. Abortions are healthcare. Immigrants are people. Black Lives Matter. </p>

<p><a name='MareFreed'><span class='headphrase'>Mare Freed</span></a> (Producer; Director for WoTW ) used to be known for “quitting theatre forever” on a fairly predictable basis. That is, until she joined <a href='https://theatreatfirst.org'>Theatre@First</a> and then PMRP in their earliest years. Now try getting rid of her. Just try. She plays a lot of moms — the bereaved mother in <em>The Monkey’s Paw,</em> Victor Frankenstein’s mother in <em>Frankenstein,</em> the zombie-eaten mommy in <em>Night of The Living Dead,</em> and on and on. But she also directs, does foley, and writes for the stage, her magna opera so far being PMRP adaptations of <a href='/events/nevermore'><em>The Cask of Amontillado</em></a> and <a href='/series/christmas'><em>Santa Claus Conquers The Martians!</em></a>. When not doing theatre, she does absolutely nothing except doomscrolling and a bit of vegetable gardening, and she works in Big Pharma (a benevolent one, not evil). She thanks her dearly beloved spousal-unit <a href='#JaySekora'><b>Jay Sekora</b></a> for putting up with her shenanigans and loving her anyway. </p>

<p><a name='SageGillespie'><span class='headphrase'>Sage Gillespie</span></a> (Mr. Melville, Sea Lady) is excited to share this show with you — his first with PMRP. Recent performances include the Idle Hands Festival and Creature Feature. He would like to thank the wonderful people of the cast and crew as well as his friends and family.</p>

<p><a name='AlexGorowara'><span class='headphrase'>Alex Gorowara</span></a> (Beamish, Miracles) has previously appeared with PMRP as Ben in <a href='https://pmrp.org/events/deadking/'>“Night of the Living Dead”</a> and Zan in <a href='https://pmrp.org/events/unseen/'>“The Inexperienced Ghost”</a>, and is excited to return for a third Halloween show. You may have also seen him acting and directing at <a href='https://www.theatreatfirst.org/'>Theatre@First</a>, or in the local LARP scene.</p>

<p><a name='JennyGutbezahl'><span class='headphrase'>Jenny Gutbezahl</span></a> (Dr. Julia Ogilvy, WotW) is now in a second war of the worlds with PMRP, the <a href = "https://pmrp.org/events/bb1938">first one</a> being over a decade and a half ago.  Virtually, all of her cells have replaced themselves since that show, but like the Ship of Theseus, she remains ever herself.</p>

<p><a name='NickHenry'><span class='headphrase'>Nick Henry</span></a> (George, Farmer, Ensemble in WotW) - .... .. ... / .. ... / -. .. -.-. -.- .----. ... / ... . -.-. --- -. -.. / - .. -- . / .--. . .-. ..-. --- .-. -- .. -. --. / .-- .. - .... / .--. -- .-. .--. .-.-.-</p>

<p><a name='ReggieJoseph'><span class='headphrase'>Reggie  Joseph</span></a> (Soundboard Operator) is in his 2nd show for PMRP. He previously worked with PMRP on <a href='https://pmrp.org/events/bullets/'>Bullets over Boston</a> in After The Thin Man as part of the ensemble. He has done other theatre shows including Shakespeare, Comedy, Musical (only 1), Drama and many others</p>

<p><a name='AlexLaFreniere'><span class='headphrase'>Alex LaFreniere</span></a> (Assistant Director, Sea Lady) is excited to be working with PMRP for his first foray into the world of directing. Previously, Alex has performed in a number of PMRP productions, most recently as Detective Nick Charles in <a href='https://pmrp.org/events/bullets/'>“After the Thin Man”</a>. Alex would like to thank his family, his partner Jazz, and his cats Kevin and Mylo for their love and support.</p>

<p><a name='AndyLebrun'><span class='headphrase'>Andy Lebrun</span></a> (Dr. Lake, WotW) often acts with <a href='https://www.theatreatfirst.org/'>Theatre@First</a>, but has joined PMRP for leading roles in “Doctor Who: The Starship of Madness” and award-winning long-form radio drama <a href="https://www.themaskofinanna.com/#direct/">“The Mask of Inanna”</a>. Sometimes he makes things out of wood or chainmail. Talk to him if you want to play board games!</p>

<p><a name='DanielLemr'><span class='headphrase'>Daniel Lemr</span></a> (Foley, Miracles & Sea Lady) is pleased to return to PMRP for the second time following his debut in <a href='https://bullets.pmrp.org/'>this year’s summer mysteries production</a>. Although there are not as many body bags to drop in this production he hopes you enjoy it. In his spare time Daniel loves to teach people new games.</p>

<p><a name='CloverMelville'><span class='headphrase'>Clover Melville</span></a> (Sound Designer, WotW) is in their fourth show with PMRP. They typically act, having appeared in <a href='https://deadking.pmrp.org'>“The King in Yellow”</a> and <a href='https://unseen.pmrp.org/'>“The Stolen Body”</a> previously with PMRP. They also did sound design for “The King in Yellow” and have done sound design for “The Comedy of Errors” presented by <a href='https://qptheater.com/'>Quannapowitt Players</a>. They live in Medford with their partner, and their two wonderful kitties. </p>

<p><a name='DavidMurgo'><span class='headphrase'>David Murgo</span></a> (H.G. Wells) recently played the role of Lionel Barnes in The Murder Associates production of “Fangs for the Visit” in “Fangs and Flowers: A Web Horror Series,” and played Agostino Tassi in Pettirosso Production’s “Vanishing Point” in Summer 2025. He played both Dr. Kemp and Mariner in “Invisible Man” in Post Meridian Radio Player’s 2024 production <a href='https://unseen.pmrp.org/'>“Unseen Worlds of H.G.Wells”</a> as well as “Ronny the Sorcerer” in <a href='https://dangerous.pmrp.org/'>“Townies and Dragons: A Barrel Full of Peril.”</a> He portrayed Kris Kringle in <a href='https://ccp1961.org/'>Colonial Radio Players</a>’ radio/stage production of “Miracle on 34th Street,” and their 2023 production of “It’s a Wonderful Life” in a multitude of roles and voiced seven+ characters in their 2024 production of “Miracle on 34th Street.” He is now in rehearsals for their 2025 production of “A Little Women Christmas” as Mr. Laurence. David was also an active member of <a href='https://www.vohboston.org/'>Voices of Hope</a> for many years, in several major productions, including playing “The Major” in “Titanic: The Musical” in 2019.<p/>He dedicates his performance to his three children: Em, Rachel, and Christopher, to his late cousin, Todd, and to his actor friend, Zaven Ovian for his inspiration. </p>

<p><a name='ZackMurphy'><span class='headphrase'>Zack  Murphy</span></a> (Vicar/Miracles) is performing in his 2nd PMRP show and is as thrilled about it as the first one. He's been in a bunch of other stuff you may or may not have seen or heard of.</p>

<p><a name='JoanneNicklas'><span class='headphrase'>Joanne Nicklas</span></a> (Foley, War of the Worlds) is in her first show with PMRP, having previously participated as Gonzalo (understudy) with <a href='https://www.theatreatfirst.org/'>Theatre@First</a> in The Tempest last spring. Over the years, she has appeared regularly in productions of North Cambridge Family Opera and showcases at Cambridge Center for Adult Education. She has also begun appearing as an occasional extra in crowd scenes in Boston-area film sets. She wants to thank everyone in the company for this opportunity and is working on a radio play of her own. </p>

<p><a name='EmmaPicht'><span class='headphrase'>Emma Picht</span></a> (Landlord, Miracles & Understudy, Sea Lady) Emma is delighted to be returning to PMRP for the second time. Most recently she could be seen drinking far too much as Trinculo in <a href='https://www.theatreatfirst.org/'>Theatre@First</a>’s the Tempest. Offstage she loves to play games, sew and entrap people with a classic Midwestern goodbye.</p>

<p><a name='MichaelReillyPeraza'><span class='headphrase'>Michael Reilly Peraza</span></a> (Understudy, Sea Lady) is delighted to be doing his first show with PMRP. A transplant from the Washington, D.C., area, he was a board member of The Coil Project and performed with Silver Spring Stage, Rockville Little Theater, Peace Mountain Theatre Company, and A Taste for Murder Productions. He served as Radio Director for The Coil Project for five years and hosted The Coil Project Variety Hour on <a href="https://takomaradio.org">WOWD-LP 94.3FM Takoma Radio</a> for about seven years, where he wrote, produced, sound engineered, and portrayed countless characters — often while simultaneously hosting and running the sound board. He also directed, co-devised, and composed music for the 10-minute musical <em>The Heroes of Far-Forgotten</em>, which was performed at The Kennedy Center in 2017.  Michael is co-writer, co-producer, co-editor, co-sound designer, sound engineer, and composer for the fantasy-comedy podcast <a href="https://open.spotify.com/show/50Hwb76GgwTRaBJ7AOJttS?si=2e37186f73a24fd8"><em>The Adventures of Sir Rodney the Root</em></a>, where he also voices several characters, including The Bard and Keanu the Unicorn. He is currently co-writing Season Two and eagerly looking forward to the Adventures continuing!  Michael lives in Somerville with his wonderful partner, Rebecca Shoer (who recently appeared as the Sayer of the Law/Group Leader in <em>None Escape</em> with <a href="https://www.theatreatfirst.org">Theatre@First</a>), and their cuddle-bug pittie girl, Lucille. He works from home as a <a href="https://www.mrp.coach">coach</a>, helping new and soon-to-be fathers level up their calm and mental fitness so they can give their kids great childhoods that prepare them to thrive.</p>

<p><a name='JaySekora'><span class='headphrase'>Jay Sekora</span></a> (Director &amp; sound designer, Sea Lady) has worked with PMRP as an actor (“The Tell-Tale Heart”, “Junkyard”, “The Birds”) and sound engineer as well as a director. He’s directed PMRP’s adaptations of “THEM!”, “Metropolis”, and “Filibus”, and adapted and directed “Night of the Living Dead”. His favorite PMRP acting roles were a drunken astronaut in “Junkyard” and the homicidal narrator in “The Tell-Tale Heart”.  He thanks his chosen family members Sally and Zeph and especially his beloved <a href='#MareFreed'>Mare Freed</a> (producer) for getting him back into theater after a long absence, and for a wonderful shared life together (twenty years next summer)!</p>

<p><a name='KristinaSpinney'><span class='headphrase'>Kristina  Spinney</span></a> (Mrs. Bunting, Sea Lady ) is an actor turned accountant in the live music industry who is thrilled to be returning for her third PMRP show in less than a year after appearing as Natasha in <a href='https://pmrp.org/events/bullets/'>“Bullets Over Boston”</a> and Rainsford in a gender-swapped version of “The Most Dangerous Game” in <a href='https://pmrp.org/events/dangerous/'>“Dangerous Adventures”</a>. She holds a BFA in acting from Salem State University, has produced film festivals, and appeared on sci-fi, horror, and film panels at Arisia. Some past credits include Maria in West Side Story, Lilli Vanessi in Kiss Me, Kate, Antigone in Antigone, and Penelope Pennywise in Urinetown. Kristina enjoys horror, sci-fi, and fantasy of all types. You can typically find Kristina at a book club, cult cinema night, or dancing at a goth club. LLAP!</p>

<p><a name='WillSpreadbury'><span class='headphrase'>Will Spreadbury</span></a> (Farmer Edward, WotW; Orson Welles) is coming off of the <a href='https://podcast.pmrp.org/'>PMRP podcast</a>, where he voices Nick Scratch, and onto the stage to add some more content to the PMRP Vault! You can also find him <a href='https://www.tiktok.com/@radiofreewill'>on TikTok</a> or on Twitch helping his friends at <a href='https://twitch.tv/thepocketdragonpub'>The Pocket Dragon Pub</a> and <a href='https://twitch.tv/adhadventures'>ADHaDventures</a>. Hope to catch you around the dial!</p>

<p><a name='KatieStratton'><span class='headphrase'>Katie Stratton</span></a> (Miss Mabel Maybridge, Miracles) is in her second show with PMRP, but her first time acting! She previously worked with PMRP as a foley artist for “The Cone” in <a href='https://unseen.pmrp.org/'>last year’s H.G. Wells Halloween production</a>. She has also appeared with <a href='https://www.theatreatfirst.org/'>Theatre@First</a> in their two previous summer festivals as Taylor in “The Santa Thing” and as the delivery person in “No Such Thing.” During daylight hours, Katie works as a lab tech in a biology research lab at MIT.</p>

<p><a name='MickeyWatson'><span class='headphrase'>Mickey Watson</span></a> (Understudy, The Sea Lady and WotW) is involved for the first time with PRMP.  She has been a stage manager, bartender, improv performer, & insurance specialist.  She's delighted to have met so many wonderful voices during this show.</p>

<p><a name='MegWickham'><span class='headphrase'>Meg Wickham</span></a> (Foley coordinator) has had an awfully delightful time traumatizing her neighbors while striving to develop alien sounds and cackling with fiendish glee. She’s had her fingers in many PMRP pies over the years. COCONUTS FOR ALL!!</p>

<p><a name='JackWickwire'><span class='headphrase'>Jack Wickwire</span></a> (Martian, WotW) playing the Martian Peace Envoy, was last seen here as Pat Friendly, the star-struck pawnbroker in <a href='https://bullets.pmrp.org/'>“Samantha Spade.”</a> Before that, he was in <a href='https://dangerous.pmrp.org'>”The Most Dangerous Game”</a> as the surly Ivan.  He also did Foley in <a href='https://dangerous.pmrp.org/'>“Dungeons and Wizards”</a> as a burbling slime monster. He has worked with many of the MetroWest community theaters since moving to Boston. His makeup design credits include: “The Addams Family,” “The Man of La Mancha,” “Prelude to a Kiss,” “Waiting in the Wings,” “The Real Inspector Hound” (<a href='https://www.belmontdramaticclub.org/'>The Belmont Dramatic Club</a>), “The Comedy of Errors” (<a href='https://tcsaugus.org/'>Theatre Company of Saugus</a>), and “Into the Woods,” “Is He Dead,” “Servant of Two Masters,” “Sunday in the Park with George,” “The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee,” “A Man of No Importance,” “Blithe Spirit,” “Urinetown,” and “The Crucible” (<a href='https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vokes_Theatre'>Vokes Theatre</a>).</p>

<p><a name='JaclynWilson'><span class='headphrase'>Jaclyn Wilson</span></a> (Stage Manager) is thrilled to be stage managing another Halloween show with PMRP! She has a myriad of college and community theatre credits across the theatre spectrum- acting, foley, directing, producing, publicity directing, and of course, stage managing. Her most recent credits include Mother in Hecatic Life in Theatre@First's 24 hour show, Stage Manager for PMRP's The Unseen Worlds of H.G. Wells, and Finance Bro and Narrator in an unaffiliated production of a 24 hour show. She'll be working with <a href='https://www.theatreatfirst.org/'>Theatre@First</a> this coming winter as ASM for Enron, and hopes to also see you there! </p>

<p><a name='NalaJWu'><span class='headphrase'>Nala J. Wu</span></a> (Nettie Bunting &amp; Mabel Glendower, Sea Lady) [they/them] is a proud queer trans nonbinary actor of color in their first show with PMRP. Nala primarily performs in Actual Plays — long form improv shows utilizing tabletop RPGs as a method of telling stories, as well as doing voice acting in various podcasts, video games, animation, and audio dramas. By day, they work full time doing freelance art direction and illustration for tabletop games, advocating for the increase of positive representation for marginalized groups in media. They also do sensitivity consultation, portraiture, theatrical makeup design, layout, and more! In their free time, Nala loves cooking new recipes, eating ungodly amounts of pasta, and Committing To The Bit (whatever the ‘bit’ may be). </p>
