---
title: The church at 204 Elm St. (formerly Boston Brunch Church and Guild Church)
short_name: 204 Elm St., Davis Square
venue_id: 204elm
---

Many of our performances are at the church at the corner of Elm St. and Russell St. in Davis Square, Somerville. This church has had several names and was previously known as Boston Brunch Church, Responsible Grace, Urban Promise, and Guild Church. It doesn't seem currently to have a name since there are several congregations that meet there, but our name and logo is on the sign alongside them. It also has two addresses; 204 Elm Street is the front entrance; the side door is 52 Russell St. Both are technically in Cambridge (although the other side of Elm St. and the other side of Russell St. are in Somerville). Google Maps can therefore be a little confusing, particularly since there’s a different 204 Elm Street in Cambridgeport. The church is approximately across Elm Street from Revival Cafe + Kitchen and Dakzen.

The Elm St. @ Russell St. bus stop on the 87 and 96 routes is right at the church, and it's just a few blocks from the Davis Square T stop.

## Address

204 Elm St.

North Cambridge, MA 02140

## Google Maps

{% include google_maps_embed.html src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1473.3031347784622!2d-71.1210119!3d42.393533399999995!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89e37722826a9445%3A0xcdafc1a728baecd7!2s204%20Elm%20St%2C%20North%20Cambridge%2C%20MA%2002140!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1677960601600!5m2!1sen!2sus" %}

[View Guild Church on a larger map here.](https://goo.gl/maps/n1PqunptZvBo8Vmz7)

## Parking

There is a _small_ municipal parking lot at the intersection of Elm, Russell, and Summer Streets (across Russell Street from Domino’s Pizza). There's also on-street parking on Elm Street; your best bet for on-street parking is south (towards Porter Square) from the church rather than . There's also some nonresident parking on Summer Street, and a large municipal lot, the [Buena Vista lot](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Buena+Vista+Lot/@42.397609,-71.1247486,19z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x89e3779f76b7c5ab:0x555683b7cd0df9b3!8m2!3d42.397609!4d-71.1242885), a few blocks away just past the Somerville Theater on Holland St.

Most metered parking (including municipal lots) in Somerville is free after 8pm. Pay attention to resident/permit-parking only signs, though!

